h1. Framy Actionscript Framework

This is a general purpose actionscript 3 framework, with a main goal of simplifying the creation of presentation flash websites, and generally making my life easier in the process.

h2. Other people's work

Framy comes bundled with some other frameworks, which I don't think any flash project can live without:

	* "Tweener":http://code.google.com/p/tweener/ - a very cool animation framework
	* "SWFAddress":http://www.asual.com/swfaddress/ - deep linking in flash
	* "BulkLoader":http://code.google.com/p/bulk-loader/ - a kick-ass loading framework- the way it should have been done by macromedia/adobe
	
(They are not placed in "vendors" directory as that that would make it harder to compile with osx tools)

h2. Highlights

I will add some documentation later, but the framework's pitch is this:

	* Provide a clear workflow for creating websites - The whole idea is first to create "non-animated" pages, and to add and modify animations later.
	* Easy swfaddress integration - every page has an "url" parameter, so all deeplinking goodness comes for free
	* Never think about resizing again - everything is auto managed
	* External assets (images/xml) are a lot easier to work with thanks to BulkLoader integration
	* Hashes - most of the convenience methods of ruby for actionscript Objects
	* Simple grawl implementation for flash (tooltips)
	* Debug toold, "symfony":http://symfony-project.org style
	
h2.	What it is not

This is not another RIA framework, period. This is to make small/medium presentation websites, not huge interfaces - not that it's undoable, but there are far better tools out there for that.